And there's always first let's check it out when we have.
All right so this is how we would look like without being responsive all spanning all across the screen
or here would you have to say.
This is going to be me on your screen here.
And then we're going to and and I know you're going to say men with you then this is going to be a 776.
So I'm going to say seven hundred seventy six pixels here and then we're going to say that this is going
to be a contact center again it's data value.
And then this guy is going to be display flex here and then we're going to have a justified content
space between.
And then we're going to have a flex on him wrap and this is going to be a wrap here.
Now that we have this now I would want any info.
All right.
I would actually would want to style them right.
So over here what I'm going to say that this is going to be a company for first some say the company
info.
So this is going to be the first of our articles.
And over here I'm going to say this is going to be flex 00 and this is going to be calque again and
here we're going to say 50 percent minus 5 or 10 pixels something like this.
Right.
And then after that what you want is actually a customer in full.
So we're going to have a copy and paste here and say customer and company customer or here now we say
this you're doing this.
Let's just check it out what we have.
So once we are fresh I think this is where we're going to have.
So this guys over here is going to be your address or phone number or e-mail.
Right.
I know this is going to be the forum.
All right.
If somebody can clicks right you can actually write whatever he would want.
And this is going to be it for this project and I hope you guys enjoyed this project and I hope to see
you on my next project.